[D&M] Orchestrator security (#727)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/security.md

The documentation is organized into four main areas.

On every page, you'll see deployment type indicators that show which content applies to specific deployment types. Focus on sections tagged with your deployment type and look for subsections specifically addressing your deployment model.

### 1. Secure your orchestrator

The [security of your orchestrator](security/secure-hosting-environment.md) forms the foundation of your overall security posture. This section covers environment-specific security controls:

- [**Elastic Cloud Hosted and Serverless**](security/secure-your-elastic-cloud-organization.md)
- [**Elastic Cloud Enterprise**](security/secure-your-elastic-cloud-enterprise-installation.md)
- [**Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes**](security/secure-your-eck-installation.md)

:::{note}

> There is no orchestration layer for self-managed installations, but you can find a summary of your security options in [](security/manually-configure-security-in-self-managed-cluster.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no orchestration layer for self-managed deployments because you directly control the host environment. Refer to [](security/manually-configure-security-in-self-managed-cluster.md) to learn more about securing self-managed installations.
```

totally nitty optional minor possibly pointless suggestion

totally optional nit
